Optimize SEO for images (alt + title tags) (#932)
zkSNACKs/WasabiDoc: docs/using-wasabi/Receive.md

4. Click on `Generate Address`.
5. Optionally you can change the observers in the right-click menu if new entities learn about the address.

> ![Set Observers in Wasabi Wallet](/ReceiveLabelingRequired.png "Set Observers in Wasabi Wallet")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Set known by in Wasabi Wallet](/ReceiveLabelingRequired.png "Set known by in Wasabi Wallet")
```

In Wasabi it is mandatory to give every address a label of the observers who know about this address so that later you know where you got the coin from and you know how to spend it.
:::

> ![Set Observers in Wasabi Wallet](/ReceiveLabelingRequired.png "Set Observers in Wasabi Wallet")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Set known by in Wasabi Wallet](/ReceiveLabelingRequired.png "Set known by in Wasabi Wallet")
```
